mfoster readme update (#2257)
stackrox/stackrox: README.md

documentation.

## Community
You can chat directly with us on the [#stackrox channel in the CNCF Slack](https://www.stackrox.io/slack/).

For event updates, blogs and other resources follow the StackRox community site at [stackrox.io](https://www.stackrox.io/).

## Table of contents

- [StackRox Kubernetes Security Platform](#stackrox-kubernetes-security-platform)
  - [Community](#community)

>   - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)

Reviewer: Should we include the ToC and the Community if they are (technically) above the ToC?
If this ToC is generated automatically, this is totally fine, but it surprised me to find these entries here, that's why I'm asking

Author: moved ToC to the top. Added code of conduct and disclosure links

  - [Deploying StackRox](#deploying-stackrox)
    - [Installation via Helm](#installation-via-helm)
      - [Default Installation](#default-installation)
      - [Limited Resource Installation](#limited-resource-installation)
      - [Default Installation](#default-installation-1)

>       - [Limited Resource Installation](#limited-resource-installation-1)

Reviewer: Same thing here:
The rendered ToC really looks a bit weird, as we have "Default Installation" and "Limited Reource Installation" two times. Should we maybe change the headings of the second pair of these to something else? 
Because right now it looks like a bug. Especially as none of the four hyperlinks render correctly in GitHub (at least if you do a rendered preview of this Markdown).

Author: I updated it to provide even more clarity.

StackRox integrates with every stage of container lifecycle: build, deploy and
runtime.

The StackRox Kubernetes Security platform is built on the foundation of 
the product formerly known as Prevent, which itself was called Mitigate and
Apollo. You may find references to these previous names in code or

> documentation.

Reviewer 2: Somehow this gets rendered with a large font. Maybe that's due to three dashes `---` after the text.
Did you intend to get this effect?
See here https://github.com/stackrox/stackrox/tree/mfoster-readme-update#stackrox-kubernetes-security-platform

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/537715/178540437-5cda827d-49f7-4d43-ada9-a3034f17864a.png)

```sh
openssl rand -base64 20 | tr -d '/=+' > stackrox-admin-password.txt
```
From here you can install stackrox-central-services to get Central and Scanner components deployed on your cluster. Note that you need only one deployed instance of stackrox-central-services even if you plan to secure multiple clusters.
```sh
helm install -n stackrox --create-namespace stackrox-central-services stackrox/stackrox-central-services --set central.adminPassword.value="$(cat stackrox-admin-password.txt)"
```

> #### Limited Central Resource Installation

Reviewer 3: ->`Limited Resource Central Installation`

Reviewer: We wanted to document how to downsize the resource requirements if you deploy on small, edge, or single-cluster setups. Maybe something like "Installing Central in clusters with limited resources" would be more adequate?

Author: It is updated to provide further context and differentiate the installation better.

* <https://docs.openshift.com/acs/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-quick.html>
* <https://docs.openshift.com/acs/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.html>

</details>

### Installation via Scripts

The `deploy` script will:

 1. Launch **StackRox Central Services**
 2. Create a cluster configuration and a service identity
 3. Deploy the **StackRox Secured Cluster Services** using that configuration and those credentials

You can set the environment variable `MAIN_IMAGE_TAG` in your shell to
ensure that you get the version you want.

If you check out a commit, the scripts will launch the image corresponding to that commit by default. The image will be pulled if needed.

Further steps are orchestrator specific.

#### Kubernetes Distributions (EKS, AKS, GKE)

<details><summary>Click to expand</summary>

> Follow the guide below to quickly deploy a specific version of StackRox to your Kubernetes cluster in the `stackrox` namespace. Make sure to add the most recent tag to the `MAIN_IMAGE_TAG` variable.

Author: updated

Run the following in your working directory of choice:

```
git clone git@github.com:stackrox/stackrox.git
cd stackrox
MAIN_IMAGE_TAG=VERSION_TO_USE ./deploy/k8s/deploy.sh
```

After a few minutes, all resources should be deployed.

 **Credentials for the 'admin' user can be found in the `./deploy/k8s/central-deploy/password` file.**

> **Note:** This password is encrypted and you will not be able to alter the Kubernetes secret manually.

Author: updated to add more detail

* <https://docs.openshift.com/acs/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-quick.html>
* <https://docs.openshift.com/acs/installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.html>

</details>

### Installation via Scripts

The `deploy` script will:

 1. Launch **StackRox Central Services**
 2. Create a cluster configuration and a service identity
 3. Deploy the **StackRox Secured Cluster Services** using that configuration and those credentials

You can set the environment variable `MAIN_IMAGE_TAG` in your shell to
ensure that you get the version you want.

If you check out a commit, the scripts will launch the image corresponding to that commit by default. The image will be pulled if needed.

Further steps are orchestrator specific.

#### Kubernetes Distributions (EKS, AKS, GKE)

<details><summary>Click to expand</summary>

> Follow the guide below to quickly deploy a specific version of StackRox to your Kubernetes cluster in the `stackrox` namespace. If you want to install a specific version, make sure to define/set it in `MAIN_IMAGE_TAG`, otherwise it will install the latest nightly.

Author: Yes!

Run the following in your working directory of choice:

```
git clone git@github.com:stackrox/stackrox.git
cd stackrox
MAIN_IMAGE_TAG=VERSION_TO_USE ./deploy/k8s/deploy.sh
```

After a few minutes, all resources should be deployed.

 **Credentials for the 'admin' user can be found in the `./deploy/k8s/central-deploy/password` file.**

> **Note:** While the password file is stored in plaintext on your local filesystem, the Kubernetes Secret StackRox uses is encrypted and you will not be able to alter the secret at runtime. If you loose the password, you will have to redeploy central.

Reviewer 4: loose = lose

**Note:** While the password file is stored in plaintext on your local filesystem, the Kubernetes Secret StackRox uses is encrypted and you will not be able to alter the secret at runtime. If you loose the password, you will have to redeploy central.

</details>
 
#### Docker for Desktop or Minikube

<details><summary>Click to Expand</summary>

Run the following in your working directory of choice:

```
git clone git@github.com:stackrox/stackrox.git
cd stackrox
MAIN_IMAGE_TAG=latest ./deploy/k8s/deploy-local.sh
```

After a few minutes, all resources should be deployed. 

**Credentials for the 'admin' user can be found in the `./deploy/k8s/deploy-local/password` file.**

</details>

### Accessing the StackRox User Interface (UI)

<details><summary>Click to expand</summary>

After the deployment has completed (Helm or script install) a port-forward should exist so you can connect to https://localhost:8000/. Run the following 

```sh
kubectl port-forward -n 'stackrox' svc/central "8000:443"
```

Then go to https://localhost:8000/ in your web browser.

**Username** = The default user is `admin` 

> **Password (Helm)**   = The password is int he generated `stackrox-admin-password.txt` folder. 

Reviewer 2: Typo: `int he`

> **Password (Script)** = The password will be located in the `/deploy` folder for the script install.

Author: Correct!

</details>

---
## Development

- **UI Dev Docs**: please refer to [ui/README.md](./ui/README.md)

> - **E2E Dev Docs**: please refer to [qa-tests-backend/README.md](./qa-tests-backend/README.md)

Reviewer 4: https://stylepedia.net/style/5.1/#p

> - **E2E Dev Docs**: please refer to [qa-tests-backend/README.md](./qa-tests-backend/README.md)

Author: Good point. Removed all I could find in the document.

    ... git push, etc.
```

</details>

#### GoLand Configuration

<details><summary>Click to expand</summary>

If you're using GoLand for development, the following can help improve the experience.

> Make sure `Protocol Buffer Editor` plugin is installed. If it isn't, use `Help | Find Action...`, type `Plugins` and hit
> enter, then switch to `Marketplace`, type its name and install the plugin.  

Reviewer: I think the info on the main branch is newer, as I remember updating the GoLand setup, because the plugin got renamed and now comes standard with all GoLand installs :D 

```suggestion
Make sure the `Protocol Buffers` plugin is installed. The plugin comes installed by default in GoLand.  
If it isn't, use `Help | Find Action...`, type `Plugins` and hit enter, then switch to `Marketplace`, type its name and install the plugin. 
```

</details>

## Dependencies and Recommendations for Running StackRox

<details><summary>Click to Expand</summary>

The following information has been gathered to help with the installation and operation of the open source StackRox project. These recommendations were developed for the [Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security for Kubernetes](https://www.redhat.com/en/resources/advanced-cluster-security-for-kubernetes-datasheet) product and have not been tested with the upstream StackRox project.

**Tested Kubernetes Distributions**

The Kubernetes Platforms that StackRox has been deployed onto with minimal issues are listed below. 

- Red Hat OpenShift Dedicated (OSD)
- Azure Red Hat OpenShift (ARO)
- Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS (ROSA)
- Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)
- Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)
- Microsoft Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)

> If you deploy into a Kubernetes distribution other than the ones listed below you may encounter issues. 

Author: listed above :)

</details>

## Dependencies and Recommendations for Running StackRox

<details><summary>Click to Expand</summary>

The following information has been gathered to help with the installation and operation of the open source StackRox project. These recommendations were developed for the [Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security for Kubernetes](https://www.redhat.com/en/resources/advanced-cluster-security-for-kubernetes-datasheet) product and have not been tested with the upstream StackRox project.

**Tested Kubernetes Distributions**

The Kubernetes Platforms that StackRox has been deployed onto with minimal issues are listed below. 

- Red Hat OpenShift Dedicated (OSD)
- Azure Red Hat OpenShift (ARO)
- Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS (ROSA)
- Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)
- Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)
- Microsoft Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)

If you deploy into a Kubernetes distribution other than the ones listed above you may encounter issues. 

> **Tested Operating Systems**

Author: "We have automated integration tests on the latest stable kernels from those platforms in the collector repo."

StackRox is known to work on the recent versions of the following operating systems.

- Ubuntu
- Debian
- Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL)
- CentOS
- Fedora CoreOS
- Flatcar Container Linux
- Google COS
- Amazon Linux
- Garden Linux

**Tested Web Browsers**

> The following table outlines the browsers that can view the StackRox web user interface.

Reviewer 4: outlines = lists

- Google Chrome 88.0 (64-bit)
- Microsoft Internet Explorer Edge
    - Version 44 and later (Windows) 
    - Version 81 (Official build) (64-bit) (MacOS) 

> - Safari on MacOS (Mojave) - Version 14.0

Reviewer 3: This is incorrect
<img width="1861" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9895898/178548147-0fdadc80-fb59-461e-87e9-b07887d6db84.png">

Reviewer 5: You mean the "Engineering will attempt to fix only minor issues with browsers on this tier" line should be removed since it is incorrect, right?

The tiers and browsers within the tiers look correct to me. Am I missing something?

Safari, I know, has some serious rendering issues with patternfly components. We cannot fix those issues, until patternfly support changes?

 cc: @vjwilson since we've had this browser support matrix discussion during the policies patternfly migration.

Reviewer 5: Aah good eye there. But this is also not true and needs fixing:
"Engineering will attempt to fix only minor issues with browsers on this tier" - Policies workflow after migration to Patternfly has serious rendering issues on Safari.

Reviewer 3: :)
I recommend removing the supports that have not been formally tested out from this readme. The downstream communication needs to be revisited.

Author: @Maddosaurus @md2119 Can we just say "recommended browsers"? 

We have a massive disclaimer at the top of the heading      
 
```The following information has been gathered to help with the installation and operation of the open source StackRox project. These recommendations were developed for the [Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security for Kubernetes](https://www.redhat.com/en/resources/advanced-cluster-security-for-kubernetes-datasheet) product and have not been tested with the upstream StackRox project.```

Reviewer 3: Works. (Not really comfortable recommending something that is not tested).
